Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-1-1-handled-access-denied-error-on-updating-file-property-type.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: Handled access denied error on updating file property type
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-724
version: 1019.1.1
---

> The 'Access Denied' error message is no longer displayed to the users attempting to update the file property type in the **Subassets** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Access denied" error message is no longer displayed on attempting to update the file property type in the **Subassets** page.
```
